I couldn't sleep last night and ended up reading Amelia Greenhalls post about working with Shanley Kane.  It really pulled at my heart strings and reminded me of why I haven't returned to the Oakland radical scene.
We make heroes out of the most broken people in our communities.  Its easy because these people feel the greatest need and also often have some of the greatest resiliency and are the least flinching under pressure.  We need heroes because we feel small and unsafe and bullied and we want someone like ourselves to protect us.
I liked a world where Shanley would protect me.  Where specter of tech feminisms best hitter looms over VCs and MRAs alike.
For some people Weev/Linus represents that.  He is the little guy sticking it to the man and all the racism/abuse is just for show.  For people who racism is just great he is even more of a hero but thats a different story.
We like to make caricatures out of each other, detachment aids in every day life.  Its way to easy to forget we are all people and most people making this arguments are crap but it doesn't make it any less true.
I'm not surprised that working with Shanley can feel like being in an abusive relationship(as Amelia felt).  Shanley has spoken openly about being in abusive relationships and its incredibly common for people to replicate behavior used on them.  Most(to all) behavior is learned and abusers have taught me more than anyone else.
Abusers have taught me not to trust and to manipulate.  To control and simulate.  To perform not to act.
Looking back on my life I can see ways that I've done the same kinds of things and propped up community leaders who were worse.  We have our hitters, people we expect to do the dirty work, and we don't want to care about fixing them back up when its done.
Whats funny is when you've been used like that sometimes the clearest path forward is do that it to someone else.  So if you were say financially abused you might make yourself feel better by financially abusing someone else.  Maybe you will even pick a better target, someone who deserves it, but it still becomes a pattern.
And the sad fact is once we get used to doing things we begin to rely on them.  They become the only tools we know and maybe the Law of the instrument(everything looks like a nail to someone with a hammer) is all too humbling here.
Today we don't need more angry we need more ways out.  I'm not going to hold hands with Weev or Linus(ever fuck that) but I'm not going to hold onto rage or my heroes anymore.  My pain isn't a badge of honor its a problem to solve.
